#[ImpactSeminar](http://apps.winespectator.com/)

Impact Seminar site is build using harp-js for rapid static HTML generation

##How it works

There's two ways to do this either in your desktop or in our QA machine. To start you need the following installed (QA's already installed)

1. Node
2. NPM
3. Grunt
4. [Harpjs](http://harpjs.com/)

This is a static page site build with [Harpjs]. Once you have the requirements installed you can now clone this repo or git pull to update. You can start working on it. here's a list of commads at your dispose.

##```npm install```
To install grunt task runner dependencies, this was added reently so you might want to run it once, after that it might need to run ```npm update``` if there's any update only do not run this if you need it.

##```npm run server```
To run harp server from your harpjs working directory (usually _site), once you run this command open your browser with this location http://localhost:9000 to preview your working site. Use ```ctrl+c``` to turn off the server.

##```npm  run compile```
Runs harp compile, this command will generate the HTML of your working project that harpjs had created, check harp project if it generates errors.

##```npm run static```
Like ```npm run server``` it turns on a server but this one serves all generated HTML, this can help you to preview if all generated HTML site works well and have updated correctly if any update

##```npm run gh-pages```
*NOTE:* this command should only be run on the gh-pages branch only and after you run ```npm run compile``` at the same gh-pages branch.

This command will copy the compiled (HTML generated) version fo your working site in the root folder so it can be generated by github gh-pages site as a normal web-site


, and do the following commands to start the project at terminal ```npm install``` to install grunt task dependencies. Once this is done you can start working on updating the pages, edit its content or just preview the site.

To preview your changes you can start the harp server with this command ```npm run server``` (open your browser with this location http://localhost:9000/), to turn off harp server just hit ```ctrl+c```.

Once you are done with your new changes, you might want to check the results of the compiled pages (the static version of the site). By running the following command ```npm run compile``` harp will compile the dymanic site, you can run  ```npm static``` to preview this compiled version in a separate server (http://localhost:8800/)

##gh-pages

You are done now, you have added, committed and pushed your changes to master. Lets create gh-pages if you are still in your master branch move to gh-pages branch, merge your master changes and them run again ```npm run compile``` becuase we're not moving any static site, after that just run```npm run gh-pages``` and you are done. gh-pages is just a copy of the compiled version moved to the root folder. Add, commit and push your changes and you have updated this site on the githup gh-pages site.
